README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://leetcode.com/nplasencia">
    <img height=80 src="https://leetcode.com/static/webpack_bundles/images/logo-dark.e99485d9b.svg">
  </a>
  <br>PHP solutions to LeetCode problems
  <br><br>
</p>

Trying to update it daily. If it is helpful please press a star.

[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/nplasencia/Leetcode_solutions.svg)](https://github.com/nplasencia/Leetcode_solutions) 
[![GitHub commit activity the past week, 4 weeks, year](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/nplasencia/Leetcode_solutions.svg)](https://github.com/nplasencia/Leetcode_solutions)
[![GitHub repo size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/nplasencia/Leetcode_solutions.svg)](https://github.com/nplasencia/Leetcode_solutions) 
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/nplasencia/Leetcode_solutions.svg)](https://github.com/nplasencia/Leetcode_solutions)

|  #  | Question |                 Solution                  | Difficulty |
|:---:|:--------:|:-----------------------------------------:|:----------:|
| 1 | [Two sums](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/) |    [Solution](src/TwoSum/Solution.md)     | Easy |
| 2 | [Add two numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/) | [Solution](src/AddTwoNumbers/Solution.md) | Medium |

Commit message:

Solve problem three - Longest substring. Update README

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://leetcode.com/nplasencia">
    <img height=80 src="https://leetcode.com/static/webpack_bundles/images/logo-dark.e99485d9b.svg">
  </a>
  <br>PHP solutions to LeetCode problems
  <br><br>
</p>

Trying to update it daily. If it is helpful please press a star.

[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/nplasencia/Leetcode_solutions.svg)](https://github.com/nplasencia/Leetcode_solutions) 
[![GitHub commit activity the past week, 4 weeks, year](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/nplasencia/Leetcode_solutions.svg)](https://github.com/nplasencia/Leetcode_solutions)
[![GitHub repo size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/nplasencia/Leetcode_solutions.svg)](https://github.com/nplasencia/Leetcode_solutions) 
[![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/nplasencia/Leetcode_solutions.svg)](https://github.com/nplasencia/Leetcode_solutions)

|  #  |                                     Question                                     |                   Solution                   | Difficulty |
|:---:|:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------:|:--------------------------------------------:|:----------:|
|  1  |                [Two sums](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)                |      [Solution](src/TwoSum/Solution.md)      | Easy |
|  2  |        [Add two numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/)         |  [Solution](src/AddTwoNumbers/Solution.md)   | Medium |
|  3  | [Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/) | [Solution](src/LongestSubstring/Solution.md) | Medium |

### Some conclusions

- Using an `else` instead of a `continue` reduce the execution time a lot. I usually prefer avoid all the `else` as
  possible in order to make the code more readable but, for the sake of speed, I will break my rule here.
